in your own time.
Test one is basically a practise test for
test 2.
And there would be more announcement
about the test in SIT 102 Teams channels,
so make sure that you are actively
looking at it.
I don't know what's happening. Okay,
so it's just a reminder on something that
we discussed last time on how the summary
works, how the reflection works.
This is some of the example on how I
think we discussed it last time on what a
summary means and what a reflection means.
But just to overview of it is it summary
means summary of your entire assignment
and reflection means your.
own personalised reflection on what you
think or what are the identified problems
or errors or something like that.
So make sure that you understand the
difference and you submit the assignment
based on it.
If you have missed out on any submissions
or if you need a little more time,
there is a request extension button on
OnTrack.
There is a seven day auto extension. So,
but you need to do it before you submit
it.
So I would always recommend that if your
submission date is tomorrow and if you
think today that you...
can't do it,
make sure you ask for the extension.
Even if you've submitted on time, grade.
There is no deduction of, you know, marks.
And it is always better to submit a task
late or not submitting at all.
So make sure that you always ask for
extension if you think that, you know.
You will lose out on any submission,
so make sure that you do it,
and the task which is submitted late will
not receive feedback,
but it will obviously assess at the end
of the semester. So,
what does this mean is that if you submit
a task late?
You will, the task will go to red.
That means you will not receive the
feedback,
but when we assess the portfolio,
which is like the final portfolio,
at that point of time,
we will assess it and we will create it
based on our, you know,
based on what we think is right,
if the summary is good,
if the reflections are good,
if the learning journey is good.
Although if you want to discuss the task
with us,
we will be more than happy to discuss it
with you.
It is normal that at this point or at
this stage,
you might be overwhelmed on what is
happening,
whether you are on the right track,
whether you're not on the right track.
You might be a little more confused on
how to navigate or how to move forward in
the seminar or in the Help Hub or in the
unit.
We all are here to help you.
Me and Vrisha are here to help you.
There is also another online seminar.
There is also help up.
So make sure that you are utilising all
the resources correctly so that you can
receive as much help as you can.
Again,
the same thing that I want to request you
all to join the SIT 102 Teams channel.
There is also Help Hub,
so make sure that you visit the Help Hub
channel. Also,
there is peer assisted study sessions,
which we discussed last time.
You also make sure that you are attending
seminars.
This is the programmer's guide that you
have to refer.
Make sure that the programmer's guide
which you're referring is the one,
which is the version one and not the
normal programmer's guide.
Join PASS from week three to 10.
The week three is this week,
so you can now join the PASS community.
It is optional resource,
but it's obviously very good and it will
help you assist in your learning.
It is run by the previous SIT 102
students.
So, you know,
who are familiar on how the unit works,
if you have any doubts, any queries,
or you know, if you feel like, okay,
it would be better for you to connect
with your same age group people,
you can definitely connect with them.
There is a past timetable,
so make sure that you click on that
timetable and see the links on how to
join.
The sessions which we know are on Monday
6pm and Friday 1pm.
For today,
we will be focusing on everyone that is
everyone's installation done correctly.
We will discuss the task P2 and P3 if you
have any doubts,
and also we'll discuss on what P4 is
about. You can also, you know,
you can also ask us if you have any other
queries, like if someone is ahead.
P6, P7,
you can definitely call out and be like,
hey, can you help us with that? Also,
if you want,
you can also see if you have any doubts,
you can ask us for any concepts like, hey,
I'm not understanding this.
Can you help us understand the concept?
So make sure that you have everything
discussed and clear.
If you feel that, you know, no,
this is not something I want to do and
you want to withdraw from the unit,
you can definitely discuss that also with
us. And if you're thinking of withdrawing,
the last date is 31st March. Otherwise,
you will have to pay the whole fee.
So make sure that you withdraw it before
31st March or you discuss it with us and
we'll see if we can help you with it.
OK.
So that is all I have for today. Now,
if anyone has any doubts,
we will start discussing the doubts.
I see a lot of comments.
I will go through the comments first.
No, we don't have any other guide.
It's only programmer's guide, which is V1.
So I think Mohammad Omer,
he has this question.
We only have programmer's guide,
which is V1, and that's the only,
there are multiple,
obviously there are multiple course
materials,
but that is the guide we refer for
on-track tasks, and that is.
where we'll practise everything.
Okay, so, okay, so this is the question.
So I think there's a confusion on this.
So if you go on to the on track,
there are two, three sections.
One is task sheet, resources,
and the third thing,
I don't know what it is.
So you need to download the task sheet.
And on the task sheet,
it will tell you exactly what.
to do,
you need to download the template from
the resources section and you will do
exactly what is said in the task sheet.
So if you follow step by step and it will
go through on the task sheet,
if you go below,
do the following I think in that there
will also be links to the programmer's
guide on which chapter you want to go
through.
you know, you can refer it accordingly.
Yeah.
Sending this structure.
And I had this one.
Yes,
so if you are aiming for high distinction,
you need to complete pass, credit,
distinction and high distinction.
Just as I mentioned,
I saw someone saying that if they're
doing their activity on their own and
they're not engaged too much on the
channel,
that does not mean that your work is
worthless, okay?
The channel is more for you to understand
more if you have a concept that you're
not understanding and you've seen someone
who has already mentioned it.
And you can grab help from that as well.
And also,
it does help in another sense where you
have to do the D1 task.
So that would help gather evidence that
you've engaged with people,
with your peers,
with your tutors and everything.
So that helps in that sense.
It does not mean at all that your work is
worthless, okay?
You're contributing towards your grade in
any work that you're doing from the P1 to
B10, if you're doing C1 to C4,
all these things count. Don't worry.
If you're doing D and HD, of course,
then the D1, engaging in the unit,
There would be another,
the Help Hub person, volunteer as well.
That also helps. But that does,
that's only for D and HD if you are
aiming for that,
or if you have any troubles.
And there's this question that if you
attend the past tasks,
will it be considered an active
engagement? So yes, definitely.
So if you attend the past Teams channel,
you can take a screenshot and be like,
hey,
I went to the past classes and this is
what I did.
This was my query and this is how the.
student helped me out.
So you can definitely include that and
that shouldn't be any problem.
I also saw that someone asked a very
interesting question that how do we
understand the difference between when to
use if, while or for loop.
It's IKRAM.
I think that it comes over time with
practise on what to use when. Usually,
if you think that you can use a while
loop,
that is a point you can definitely use a
for loop.
That's my understanding of the knowledge
and the concepts that I've gone through.
If or if else is usually used when there
is only the condition that you want to
decide, whether it will be true or false,
or whether it will be positive or
negative, whether it would be yes or a no.
If that is the case,
that's the time when we use if else.
If we need a little more of the
conditions that it could be yes.
no or maybe, then we go for if, else if,
else. Or if there is something like yes,
no, maybe, maybe tomorrow. Then if we go,
we go for if, else if, else if, else.
But when there is like a very huge number,
very huge set,
we prefer to go for while or for loop.
When I say set.
What do I mean by it?
When we have numbers ranging from 1 to
100 or we have numbers ranging from 1 to
1000 or alphabets ranging from A to Z,
but it has A1, A2, A3, B1, B2, B3,
so there's multiple of it.
At that point of time,
we go for while or for loop.
When to use while or when to use for.
will come with practice.
You will understand it yourself that okay,
no,
in this case I want to use a for loop or
no, I want to use a value.
So it comes with practice.
Oh.
This is SIT 102. There's a question.
Which class is this? It's SIT 102.
The exam is going to be online.
So the test is available online.
And I think it would be similar to the
seminar where you sit in the class and we
do the,
I think you keep your cameras on and you
do the assessment.
And once you complete it,
you submit it and then we will assess it
and we will get back.
Team.
M.
So...
Shravya, I think it's your first seminar.
So first I would welcome you to the
seminar. After this,
I would recommend you to go through the
recordings of week one, week two,
and this is week three.
The important resources that we have is
the programmer's guide on on track.
So make sure that you refer the
programmer's guide and refer the on track.
Join the SIT 102 Teams channel because
it's very important.
Join the Help Hub because that will help
you solve your doubts. And after that,
on your own track, as I mentioned,
there are two resources,
task sheet and resources.
You download both the things in the
resources. There is a template.
You need to fill out the template and go
through the task sheet turn by turn so
you understand how it goes.
As we still have more doubts,
we can have a one-to-one session and we
can sort it out.
Chops.
Spence.
How consistent the engagement need to be?
I think it should be.
It shouldn't be one or two screenshots,
but I think it should be like, okay,
four or five maybe where you can prove or
you can show that you've been actively
engaging in the class.
How do I request for a one-to-one session?
Mohammad, so Mohammad, are you there?
Yes, ma'am.
Ohh, no, sir.
Is it me, or?
Mohammad Damad Qasim.
Ohh.
Hi, so yes,
what do you have any doubts that we can
help you with?
Really?
No.
No, there's a lot of background noise.
Do you want to?
Show me the song, song.
Yes. Are you driving a truck?
I think he just went off. Mohammad,
if you want to just drop in your question
on chat,
I will be more than happy to help you out
with it.
Or if you can just come to a little more
quieter place and we can have a chat as
well. That's completely fine.
Um, Jordan,
I think that the examples that I'm
looking at or at what you've submitted.
I think that looks good to me,
so it should be fine.
Is this the one with the?
conversation that you've posted, right?
If I'm not wrong, Jordan, are you still?
Yeah, that one.
Yes, yes, yeah, it looks good to me.
That should be fine.
Awesome, thank you.
Uh, DENMAN, do you have any questions?
What will the topic of this be?
Topic of what?
Mm.
DENMAN, are you still there?
The seminar,
what would the topic of the seminar be?
So we're discussing,
we are making sure that everyone has
installed everything correctly and we are
talking about V3 and P4 so that we can,
you know,
you are all prepared and set for the test.
So task discussion,
that might be the topic of it.
Could you elaborate a little bit more on
the exams? Yes, definitely.
So how does this work is in week 5,
there would be something called a test.
The test would be given to you or it
would be an online test for all of you
who are there for the online.
A class in that you will have a.
five or four or five questions.
There will be space between those
questions and you need to fill out those
questions.
You need to answer those questions and
then submit it back to us.
Now for that one,
what you need to do is if you go into
your current on track,
there would be a test one.
that there would be a practise test given
there. In that, you can practise the test.
The questions won't be the same,
but it would be a similar pattern,
not the same questions,
just a similar pattern.
So you can have a look at it,
and then once we are done,
Yeah.
you just submit it back.
So that's how it works.
Once you submit the test,
we will assess it and we will tell you
whether it's a pass or a fail or a
resubmit or a redo, whatever it is.
Yeah.
And once you get your results back,
if you accidentally fail the test,
that's completely fine.
You can reattempt it.
If you've got a fix and resubmit,
that means you might have minor errors.
and then you can resubmit it,
correct it and resubmit it.
Yeah.
If it's a complete,
that means you're going on the right
track. So that's how the test works.
Which test? Test one.
That's what we're talking about.
Yeah.
What is the recommended order of
attempting the task is the one which was
given to you in P1,
that is the recommended task or in each
Yeah.
task there would be the task details.
So I think that would be something that
Yeah.
you can have a look at and go that way.
Like that's the ideal way of following
the tasks.
If you're aiming for a D or a HD,
I would prefer to keep a deadline or day
prior. For example,
if the task deadline is 12th,
you should set your own deadline to 11th.
So that really helps you to be on track.
Yes,
the class recordings are available in the
recording section.
How am I supposed to upload my code for
each task as well?
You need to upload your test your
knowledge code for each task.
So for all the tasks you do,
you need to upload your test your
knowledge code. Yes.
Exam dates,
exam dates would be given in your
timetable.
Please make sure that you have a look at
it along with the time and date.
And yes, the exam is in week 5.
Vrisha, there is a feedback,
there is a comment for you from Edgar.
Maybe have a word with him.
So below the screenshot,
there would be a section that's where you
add your learning journey. Someone, Sara,
I think that's your question. For task B2,
what you do is you give a heading of what
the task is, what the screenshot is about,
then put the screenshot and below that
you add your learning journey.
LANA, yes,
what you need to do is the practise test
is the practice.
You don't get the actual test until the
day or during the time when we start the
assessment, 5 minutes before that,
you will receive the actual test.
So you don't receive the actual test now.
Yes,
the start table will have the exam or
timetable as well.
Vrisha,
the start timetable has the exam
timetable, right? Yeah,
and I think it would be posted in the
Yeah, I would have one.
discussion channel as well,
when the date is near, I think.
Well,
should we should have an announcement by
Yes.
um, Aaron at the start of the week anyway,
so...
Yes, yeah.
I see that, DENMAN,
you seem a little more confused on how to
submit the tasks. If you want,
you can share your screen and I can help
you with the submission of the tasks so
that at least for the first task,
you're doing it correctly.
Or if you have already done it,
we can change it again.
So if you are interested in that,
maybe just raise your hand and I...
we can have a conversation about it.
Because you know,
the way to explain it right like this
would be a little difficult.
I can either have a one-to-one class with
one-to-one session with you,
or I can help you just by sharing the
screen. It would be much more easier.
Yeah, so for me, the presentation is done.
I will be only solving the doubts,
whatever you guys have. So, yes,
someone's asked that it sounds silly,
but just want to cheque if we are
covering any more content. No, just this.
If you have doubts,
you can stay back and ask your doubts.
Otherwise, you...
More than happy to leave the session.
If you've forgotten to take the
screenshots of the installation,
that's completely fine.
What you can do is you can just upload
the final screenshot saying that, oh,
I have I forgot to take the screenshots.
So this is like my final screenshots of
everything. So that should be all right.
I see that.
Oh.
Manoor Fatima.
Are you still there?
Hey, I'm still here.
Hi,
do you want to say I just saw a message I
needed some help with Pay Three?
What would can help you with something?
Yup.
Can you share a screen?
Are we able to go to like a breakout room
if possible after you're done with if
other people have questions?
Yeah,
you can share it here as well if you like.
I prefer the breakout room if that's okay.
That sure, that's OK.
Thanks.
So I'll solve everyone's doubts and then
I'll start with the breakout room so it
becomes easier for everyone so that
nothing is missed out.
Okay, I know how to submit the task,
but I don't know what exactly this is
referring to. Yeah,
maybe we can just hop on to the breakout
room, DENMAN,
and then we can decide on what it is
referring to.
So it becomes a little more easier and it
can solve all your doubts.
We know the exact date and time.
It's in the start timetable.
So if you can have a look into the start
timetable. Vrisha,
is it possible for you to have a look at
the timetable and see when's the test?
Sure, I'll just check.
Yes, thank you. What's the time frame?
I think it's 90 minutes. It's 90 minutes,
1 1/2 hour for the test.
Yes, DENMAN,
I think it would be better if we hop into
a one-to-one call and solve the doubts
because otherwise it would be a task to
solve it like this without sharing the
screen because what you've shared is the
feedback,
but I don't know what the feedback is
based on.
So I need to have a look onto your task
to understand what.
what does feedback is all about.
So I can arrange a breakout room for you.
Okay, so for the learning journey,
what should we be aiming to include?
When you write a learning journey,
you should be writing what you did,
how you did,
what are the queries you faced,
like what are the issues that you faced?
You might be coding for the first time.
If not first time,
maybe C or C would be your first time.
So make sure that you include what
surprised you, what fascinated you,
what was something that so that was like,
wow, oh, C can do this.
So all of these goes into the learning
journey.
So if you just write something like.
I did this code. This is how it works.
That's not a learning journey.
So you need to elaborate it.
You need to be very thorough with your
answers.
I hope this answered your question, FLYNN.
Are you still there?
Yeah, I'm still here.
Yeah,
do you have any other questions regarding
how to write the learning journey or can
I help you with something?
Yeah, just with this one, I was,
I'm kind of familiar with the stuff going
through P3.
So I was mainly just reading through,
I just read through the programmer's
guide and then moved on to the answering
Yeah.
sheet and just went through that.
What should I be aiming to include for
the learning journey for that?
Okay, have you done coding before?
Like where you were doing what languages
Yeah.
languages did you code in?
I've done a bit in C,
also a bit in programmes like MATLAB.
I did a lot of that.
Help.
Are you from engineering background?
Yeah,
I did an engineering course for semester.
Yeah, definitely. Definitely. Okay,
so what happens is that just because you
have the programming knowledge,
you know how the programming works.
So there might be something that would be
different in how C and C or C works.
So maybe you can write it in the
beginning that I have a programming
background in C.
So there was nothing much more surprising
for me,
different instances.
but this is what I think is new for me,
or this is what something I learned,
So, it's...
or this is what something that I think I
should include.
So you can definitely include it in.
Make sure that if you don't have a lot to
And so.
include in your learning journey,
make sure that you have a lot to include
in your reflections. And that's where.
is your space where you tell exactly what
happened in the assignment,
what did you learn, and how it works.
So that is usually the standard procedure.
Submit it once,
and if the tutor is convinced by it,
great. But if they are not,
they might ask you a question,
or they might just put you on discussion,
and it might solve your problem.
I think so.
Do you have anything else to add on to
Vrisha?
No, yeah, uh, is it a little more clearer,
uh, Philip?
Yeah, that helps. Thank you.
Okay, perfect.
Um...
You need to use for session women,
for them to show blood.
OK, just give me this is my first seminar.
OK, Abdul Rahman.
Yes, teacher.
Hi, you still there?
Yeah, yeah. I just,
I just want to ask if the,
Yes, perfect.
because this is my first class,
so I want to ask if the exams,
how it works or what should,
or where I can find the resources.
To study it.
Okay,
so your first resource is your
programmer's guide. So on your on track,
if you go on your on track, the...
The task P2 to P4 covers all the concepts
which will be in your test one.
Now what concepts will that be is
something that is covered already.
So you need to go through all those
concepts and practise the test.
How can you find the practise test?
It is in.
T1 task of your on track where there is a
practise test.
So make sure you download it and you
practise it.
Whatever are the questions in the
practise test is all the answers or all
the how to do it or how to solve it.
Everything is answered in programmers
guide.
We will definitely discuss it in next
week on how to go forward with it.
But this is how the test works.
The test is for 90 minutes.
It will be online.
There would be a date and time associated
to it.
So you might have to have a look into the
start timetable for it.
And once you complete all of it,
you submit the test.
We cheque it. If we think it's perfect,
we mark it as complete.
If there is some issues that need to be
fixed,
it will be always fixed and resubmit and
it will tell you what to fix.
If it's a fail or a redo,
you can attempt it again at your own
space.
This is just a practise for you so that
when you attempt the test 2,
you do it correctly.
So, about about next,
I have another question: Is the exam on
Teh.
week 5? I think you mentioned that.
Is it face to face or on or on on track?
Yes.
It is, so it will be similar to this,
like in Teams channel,
everyone would be there.
Me and other two tutors,
we will be there for you before 5 minutes
of your test.
You will receive the test sheet,
you solve it, you submit it back.
It would be all.
Based on online,
it would be nothing offline.
Okay.
Yeah, does it answer all your questions?
Yes, thank you so much.
Do you have any other questions?
No.
Okay, all good.
And if you do have any questions,
you can definitely post in the discussion
of the SIT 102 channel.
Someone should be able to answer it.
Okay, thank you so much.
Thank you.
Are you true? Are you still there?
Yes.
Hi,
I see that you have posted a screenshot
Phan.
and you've written how to do it.
I'm feeling a little lost out here.
Can I help you with something? Like,
can you elaborate what your question is?
Yeah, like first of all,
I just completed all the steps for the
task,
like downloading the VS code and splash
Yeah.
kits and stuff like that.
And I didn't took any screenshots as well.
So after following all the steps,
when I get back to the template,
now I don't know what to do.
Okay,
so what I'm going to do is I'm actually
going to share my screen.
If you just give me one second,
I will show you what to do because it
would be otherwise hard to explain it.
Sure.
So, we're looking for task two, right?
P2, you're looking for P2, right? Yeah,
okay.
Yes.
Okay.
Okay, so if we go over here...
Are you all able to see my screen?
Just someone,
if you could just say yes or no.
Yes.
Yeah, okay.
So what you need to do is first you need
to fill out, oh, sorry. Yeah,
first you need to fill out your name,
your student ID, whatever it would be.
Yeah, and the date when you are doing it.
So this is how you start the task.
After this, this is a learning journey.
So first you need to write what you are
doing, a heading on how to do it.
So first what we are doing here is maybe
learning.
On how to write?
The learning journey,
then you need to provide a screenshot
here. OK,
I'm not sure if it will let me write a
screenshot.
Take me, take a screenshot.
Okay.
So I've taken a screenshot here, okay?
Now what you need to write here is what
you learned from this or what were the
challenges faced.
And you can definitely be honest about it.
So you can just write, I was...
Extremely tired and...
Is not understanding.
What to do?
Then I attended.
and I have to.
Tutor helped me with.
The submission.
So this is how you actually write a
learning journey. Okay?
And this is how you go for on.
So now you can copy paste these boxes as
many times as you like.
So you can copy paste because there would
be not only three,
but there would be multiple screenshots,
right?
So you can copy paste as many times as
you like.
After this,
it will ask you for a brief summary of
concepts on what is a shell.
So whatever you want to write,
you can just write it over here.
Then you can,
it asks you what is a compiler.
So just write it over here. In this one,
it asks you to write the commands.
In this,
we don't want you to write big paragraphs.
It's only a command on how to write.
Ohh, come on, so you can just write,
for example, it's a run the C program,
so it's just...
This.
or if it's just a run a.NET program.
So it's.NET run. So as simple as this,
only the commands, okay? After this,
it asks you for your reflection.
What is the most important thing you
learned from this task and write?
So maybe in this one you can write,
I learned.
How to a screenshot?
And you can elaborate that why is why was
taking a screenshot a big deal for you?
So you're right that this is my 4th
semester.
Um...
So and so, sorry,
I don't know what to type more, but yeah.
So basically this is how you write your
reflection and this is how you write your
learning journey.
So this is what we expect when you submit
the task.
Is it clear or do you have any question?
It's all clear. Thank you.
That's over. Thank you.
Um, again.
It was I read through. OK,
now we are just a note.
I can't seem to find the test on my start
timetable. Ohh, Lana,
did you were you able to find it?
No, I couldn't find it.
You couldn't find it?
Is it possible for you to give me like 5,
10 minutes once I'm done with this class?
I'll have a look and I'll get back to you.
Yeah, if you could, that'd be fantastic.
Thank you.
Okay,
so TARA has posted a screenshot which
says that your test will be available
online and the information will be sent
out to you closer to the test date.
So maybe this time they might have
changed the rules. So for this time,
you will receive an e-mail closer to the
test date and
you will receive the date and time based
on it. I hope that answers your question,
LANA.
Okay, thank you.
Teh.
Yes, the seminars of today and Thursday,
they are very identical.
So whatever I do it in the seminar,
on Thursday, the same seminar is done.
Just the teaching pattern might be a
little different because everyone has
their own teaching pattern. But yeah,
that's how it works.
Okay,
I think I have answered all the questions
from the chat.
Is there anyone's question I missed out
on accidentally?
Can you please raise your hand?
Okay, Jordan, yes.
I know you've said a lot about the tests,
but I'm just trying to clarify when these
tests go out,
how long have we got to do them?
And I know you haven't got the dates
available at the moment,
but I work full time.
So planning this is quite crucial for me.
Okay.
Oh yes. So I think what will happen,
just give me one second.
Yes,
so what will happen is I think in the
coming week, week 4 on Monday or Tuesday,
definitely you will receive a message and
the time and date for it.
So you can plan your week for the week 5.
If there is something like, you know,
you can't adjust the time or date.
we would be more than happy to
accommodate you because there are so many
students,
so they might have multiple batches.
So there would be tests. For example,
if we have a Tuesday seminar, for you,
the date would be separate.
For Thursday seminar,
the date would be separate.
So maybe if the date is not comfortable
for you,
you can come into the next batch is what
I am assuming.
Okay, so once that gets sent out,
we'll be able to assess a little bit
better.
Yes, definitely. And if not,
if you don't receive it by next week,
Okay.
Tuesday, I'm assuming by latest,
you can definitely text me and I'll get
the updates from you.
But I do see now that Risha is asking in
the, you know,
teams channel or on the teaching team
channel to get it.
clarified by tomorrow and next week
latest. So don't worry about it.
Ohh.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you.
So this is what we have received on the
Teams channel. I've just posted a message.
Campus students do it on Thursday of week
5.
Online students do it Thursday to
Saturday of week 5.
So you might be allocated to the days
from Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.
So that's the exact.
time and how it works, it will go,
it will come through the emails.
This is the second message that I've
received.
You can see the test date on the
timetable.
It is called assessment one in week 5, 9,
10, and 11.
I hope this helps.
Okay,
I just want to show you something because
I feel like
It's a little important that we focus on
it.
So, if you...
Say...
Yeah,
so if you go on to your Teams channel,
you see something called as announcement
and in the announcement you see
everything which is given.
So for week three.
If you go on to the announcement,
it says exactly what is, you know,
what is happening in this week.
When is the test? You know,
this week the tutors will talk about test
one. There's a practise test to download.
Everything will be done is there in the
announcement.
So make sure that you're reading the
announcement.
And if you go over here,
you can also discuss the task.
So you can just discuss whatever task you
want to discuss.
Okay,
I'm not sure I fully understand what is
expected from us in task event.
Is it actually contributing and engaging
in the seminar and the other channels
event? Enough? Yes, that is enough.
Does it guarantee a D grade?
It doesn't guarantee a D grade.
It just lets you complete a D1 task.
Once you complete D1, D2, D3, D4.
then and if it is all marked as green and
if it is all complete,
then it is guaranteed a D grade.
But unless you don't complete all the
tasks, it's not a guaranteed D.
I hope that answers your question, IKRAM.
Okay, yeah, it makes sense. Okay, perfect.
Now, who all wants a one-to-one session?
Can I have hands up for the people who
want a one-to-one session?
Okay, so, Vrisha, are you there?
Help.
Yeah, okay.
I just have one student to take a
one-on-one first,
and then I'll help you out with a queue
as well.
Okay, perfect. So, um...
One second, I'll just open the date names.
Sorry,
I'm just writing the names according to
what it is shown to shown to me.
Hewlett.
Mm.
So I go on the order which is given here.
So if you see that on the right hand side,
there's a queue in which everyone has
raised their hands. So based on that,
I'll call you on to the breakout room.
Sorry,
I'll call you on to the breakout room.
The first person is Steven,
so I'll get you into the breakout room.
How do I get in there?
I'll send you an invite.
Just give me a second.
I'll arrange the breakout rooms for a few.
Sorry,
it doesn't let 2 tutors have the breakout
room.
So what I'll do is I will call you
personally so that it becomes a little
more easier and we can start solving the
doubts. Okay, so Steven,
I'm calling you right now. So please just,
you might have to get on hold for this
one and just.
you know, get into that meeting.
Is that okay for you?
Are you guys female?
Yeah, okay, perfect.
Okay, so the next person I have is...
10 minutes. Are you ready?
Is it okay if I call you personally now?
Yes, okay, perfect. Just give me a second.
Whoever done with the calls, just,
you know,
lower your hand so that I understand that,
okay, I'm done with that person.
Okay, uh...
Yeah, let's move on to the next one.
Yep, I'm here.
All good, yeah.
Okay, so I think Edgar,
you're done with the doubts.
I only see four people now. So...
Savira, are you there?
No, she is on hold as well.
I think Vrisha is helping her.
Mohammad UMAIR.
Okay, I think he left.
Um...
Parmeshwar Ruka.
Are you still there?
Burmeshwar.
Roopak, are you still there?
Yes, okay. So,
I'll give you a call right now, okay?
Okay, there is no LANA. Okay,
Mohammad Imad Kasim, do you have doubts?
Hello, I can't hear you.
Hello!
Are you still there? I can't hear you.
Okay,
I think you might have a little bit of
issues.
I'll just lower your hand until you
figure it out. I think...
It is with Vrisha. Shravya,
do you have doubts?
I already spoke with Vrisha,
but I just wanted to get some help on
installing the splash kit and some other
tool that I needed to install.
Yeah, could you share your screen?
I don't think so there's anyone in this
Okay, you can, yeah, one sec.
session. Oh, yeah, because, yeah.
Yeah, is it visible?
Yes,
do you want to show me what's the problem
Yes, I'm here,
so I just wanted to know what to do next.
here?
Yes, oh,
Sinha started with the installation.
That instals splash code globally.
No, no, no,
so if you go to the step number one,
install Xcode command line tools,
step one, yeah, if you scroll down,
did you did you do all of this?
No, no, no, I didn't. I didn't.
I just came into this.
Yeah, so you need to do this.
So you need to do this first.
Okay.
So you need to watch the YouTube video.
It will tell you what exactly to do,
Mhm.
go step by step, and then complete it.
Okay, I need to do all these.
Yes.
Here, OK.
Yeah, yes.
Oh, for that, and then that's fine. OK,
if I can just follow the video,
that's good.
Okay, do you have any other question?
No, that's fine. Thank you.
Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Thank you. Have a good day.
Good day.
Okay, so, uh, FLYNN,
do you have any other doubts?
Are you still in the meeting?
Okay, Maddie,
do you have any other doubts?
Sarah, do you have any other doubts?
No, I'm okay. Thank you. Okay, thank you,
Maddie.
I was just checking in if I have missed
out on any one or any comments because I
was just going off the call. Sarah,
do you have any other doubts?
Hello, can you hear me?
Yes, I can hear you now. Yes.
Okay.
Do you want to share your screen?
What was Jaigirdar?
Because I think I was calling for you,
but I could not hear anything.
Yeah, I'm sorry about that.
I switched my laptop,
so it's kind of a mess right now.
Oh, that's fine. Do you need help?
Yeah, actually,
so I enrolled on this Friday,
so last Friday.
Okay, just right, okay, yeah.
Yeah, so when I enrolled last Friday,
so I have literally no clue on how to get
started.
Okay.
Yeah, so, like,
can you can you tell me on how to?
So have you gone through the on track
task and have you gone through the
announcements and everything?
Yes, I went through a few,
went through the tasks, so let me show.
Can I can I share my screen? Is it fine?
Yeah, yeah, sure, sure, definitely.
Okay, so here, I've gone through.
Yeah, there you go.
So I've gone through the on-track task.
So I started the learning plan.
So I'm a bit confused on the fields I
Yeah.
should fill for this.
Yeah,
so have you downloaded the task sheet?
Ohh yeah, yes, yeah.
And have you downloaded the template?
Yeah.
Yeah, so now what you need to,
so if you go on to the page one.
Uh-huh.
But you, yeah,
so now you see the instructions,
it exactly tells you what to do.
Oh,
so I have I just all I gotta do is just
replace this text with what I actually
want to do.
Yes, exactly.
Okay,
and for the rest I was a bit confused on,
since it's the start of the class,
did I miss anything like any important
things?
So the important things are you have to
join the SIT 102 channel.
So did you do that?
Ohh, I think uh, is this the Teams one?
The Teams Channel.
True.
Sorry, I can't see it.
So if you go into the Teams,
which is on the left, the section. Yes,
and if you show me, yes,
we are in the right channel.
So have you joined the Help Hub?
Yeah.
Do you know,
are you added into any Help Hub group?
I don't think,
how do I get under to any help group?
Okay,
so what you do is you can put a message
to Aaron saying that if we can add you to
Help Hub or if we just click on the Teams
again,
I just want to cross cheque if you added
or not.
No, I don't think so. I did.
Just drop a message to the unit chair
regarding the Help Hub and he should be
able to help you connect to the Help Hub.
Okay, okay, perfect.
Or I can just paste the link over here.
Vrisha, are you still there?
Can you place it here,
so it's less for me?
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, I am.
Yeah, yeah,
could you please paste the link for the
helper bill?
I don't have it. Like, I can't find it.
That's what I was looking for.
I'll try and see again if I can find it.
Yes,
if we could just quickly have a look or
if we just have the Help Hub,
just add it here,
maybe that should be fine.
I would suggest you to message Aaron and
he can add you to the Help group, okay?
It's preferably right now that you
messaged Aaron,
because I don't have the access to the
channel anymore, sorry.
Oh yeah, sure, sure. Yeah,
so just message Aaron and ask him to add
Ohh, OK.
you to the help group, okay?
Okay, I, I will, I will do it.
Yeah, so that's one thing.
Second is you are aware of on track.
Have you gone through the programmer's
guide?
Yeah, I did. I did go through it halfway,
but I didn't understand a few stuff,
Yes.
so I'm actually kind of going through it.
Yeah, perfect.
And what is more help of this? And yeah,
so I don't think so you have missed out
on anything.
We have to start with the installation.
So could you share your screen and could
you go into the programmer's guide for me?
Sure.
If you could share a screen.
Yeah, I'm sharing it.
Yeah.
So, where, which one again?
No, no. So just open a new new page,
new tab, and just type programmer's guide.
Yeah.
This one?
Not really.
No, no, if you go a little down,
I think it's the first one. Yeah,
the first one.
It just says show it to me as a REVANT.
Yeah,
so what you need to do is if you go into
Wait this.
the tab, the terminal, it should be V1.
It's not the original one.
Can you just change it to V1?
Sorry, what did you say?
So, if you go into the search bar.
Yeah.
Not this one, where the link is.
Okay.
Yeah,
and then you type V1 in front of
programmer V1.
Dot.
Ohh, my bad.
But that's OK. V1 dot.
and just press enter.
Okay.
Yeah,
and now if you go on to embark on your
journey.
Yeah,
if you go into appendix section for me.
Yeah, and if you go into, yeah, yeah,
yeah.
So what I think you're using Mac if I'm
not wrong.
Okay.
Oh, no, I'm using Linux.
You're using Linux? Okay, so if you go,
it will give you options.
If you go into the Linux section of it,
yeah,
and it will tell you exactly what to do.
So you need to follow all the steps based
Yeah.
on that.
Okay, okay.
So this is all the installations which
are required for your system.
So make sure that you have all the
installations.
Yeah, okay. I'll get that.
Okay, once you're done with that,
what you need to do is go into the part 0
for steps.
Sorry, where is part zero?
Part 0 on the left-hand side.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Yeah, and in that introduction, yes,
now that this is how we go through
everything.
Okay, okay. Thank you.
Okay, and for your own track,
make sure that you have asked for the
extension so that you don't miss out on
any dates so that you're like working
along with it.
So I did ask for an extension from Aaron.
Okay, yeah, then it should be fine. Yeah,
you can complete it.
No, he.
So now if you go to the P2 again,
if you download the task sheet,
it will tell you exactly what to do.
So you go step by step. Basically,
Okay.
this unit is completely self-paced.
So you study, you learn everything. Me,
Vrisha, all the other tutors,
we are only here to help you with your
doubts, with your queries and all of it.
Make sense?
Okay, yeah, it makes sense a lot.
Thank you.
Yes.
I was a bit open with what to do and what
not to do because I didn't want to miss
No, no, no, I completely understand. No,
no, no, I completely understand.
it all.
I hope that now you understand what you
have to do and what you have to go
through.
Yes, yes, very much. Thank you so much.
I'm sorry about my mic's issue.
Oh, that's okay.
It was kind of a mess today.
I'm not at home also, that's what.
That's all good. That's all good.
no, no, that's fine, that's fine,
don't worry.
Hey, thank you so much. Bye.
Thank you, bye bye. Okay,
so I think we have two more students on
Bye.
the meeting.
We have FLYNN and we have Malik.
Do you have any doubts?
Lynn, do you have any doubt?
Malik, do you have any doubt?
Okay, Vrisha, are you still there?
I am.
Okay, perfect.
So we can end the meeting now.
Sure.
Yes, I will see you next class.
Yeah, bye.
Bye bye. See ya.
I...
Yes.
Thank you.
OK.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Play.
Stop.
Okay.
Yes.
Yeah.
Teh.
Oh.
Play.
Okay.
What?
Help.
What?
Go.
Okay.
Ohh.
Play.
Oh.
Okay.
Ohh.
KAW.
Okay.
Oh.
Bing.
Boop.
Okay.
Help.
I.
Okay.
Yeah.
No.
I.
Yeah.
No.
Wow.
Hot.
Yeah.
Oh.
PHAM.
Yeah.
I.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
YEE.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh.
Call.
Okay.
Yeah.
I.
Okay.
Yeah.
You can call.
Yeah.
Play.
Hi.
Yes.
Yeah.
Okay.
Kumar.
No.
Yeah.
Play.
No.
Thank you.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.